return_value and not_a_test_method health checks strict error fix (#3581)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: minor

This release turns ``HealthCheck.return_value`` and ``HealthCheck.not_a_test_method``

> into unconditional errors, and therefore also deprecates access to those attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into unconditional errors.  Passing them to ``suppress_health_check=`` is therefore a deprecated no-op.
```
